Audio DFU ADV name based on role (#8446)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/README.rst

+-------------+-------------------+-------------+
| P1.10       | CS                | D8          |
+-------------+-------------------+-------------+

> That external flash shield must be connected for the kits to boot, even if DFU mode is not initiated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   External flash shields must be connected for the kits to boot, even if DFU mode is not 
   initiated.
```

The |NCS| uses :ref:`SMP server and mcumgr <zephyr:device_mgmt>` as the DFU backend.
Unlike the CIS and BIS modes for gateway and headsets, the DFU mode is advertising using the SMP server service.
For this reason, to enter the DFU mode, you must long press **BTN 4** during each device startup to have the nRF5340 Audio DK enter the DFU mode.
To distinguish the device role, DFU mode advertising name will be based on role and the pattern : ``CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME`` _ **ROLE** _DFU.
The name will look like:

* Gateway: NRF5340_AUDIO_GW_DFU

> * Headset: NRF5340_AUDIO_HL_DFU

Reviewer: I suggest changing to something like:
* Left headset: (...)
* Right headset: (...)

The |NCS| uses :ref:`SMP server and mcumgr <zephyr:device_mgmt>` as the DFU backend.
Unlike the CIS and BIS modes for gateway and headsets, the DFU mode is advertising using the SMP server service.
For this reason, to enter the DFU mode, you must long press **BTN 4** during each device startup to have the nRF5340 Audio DK enter the DFU mode.

> To distinguish the device role, DFU mode advertising name will be based on role and the pattern : ``CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME`` _ **ROLE** _DFU.

Reviewer 2: Quite a few questions:
1. How does this information relate to entering the DFU?
2. Where is the name displayed?
3. What is the relation of the pattern against lines 867-870.
4. When is this Kconfig set? It doesn't appear anywhere in the doc except for here.

Author: We decide to unify BT_DEVICE_NAME for CIS and BIS.

Reviewer: Maybe we can change "CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME" to just "NRF5340_AUDIO"?
(Meaning that we do not explicitly say in this doc that the name comes from this config)

Author: CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME is configurable. Customer might change the value from "NRF5340_AUDIO" to another value.
How about add a line * Default ``CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME``: NRF5340_AUDIO. Then the name pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To distinguish the device types, DFU mode advertising names will be based on these. The advertising names follow this pattern: NRF5340_AUDIO_ **ROLE** _DFU. The first part of the names is based on ``CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME`` . 
```

The name will look like:

> * BIS Gateway: Broadcast Audio Source_GW_DFU

Reviewer 3: We might need to sync up the ADV name between BIS and CIS for making it consistency.

Reviewer 4: Agree, I don't think it's necessary to differentiate between BIS and CIS. All should be NRF5340_AUDIO_...

Author: Are we going to make all BT_DEVICE_NAME the same in this PR?
Like remove [here](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/applications/nrf5340_audio/src/bluetooth/Kconfig.defaults#L197) and [here](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/applications/nrf5340_audio/src/bluetooth/Kconfig.defaults#L230).

Reviewer 3: I suggest that all the headset in DFU mode sharing the same name "NRF5340_AUDIO_GW_DFU"
And all the gateway in DFU mode sharing the same name "NRF5340_AUDIO_XX_DFU"

Reviewer: Resolving this conversation. We have agreed that we want to make all device types have the same BT_DEVICE_NAME in this PR.

The |NCS| uses :ref:`SMP server and mcumgr <zephyr:device_mgmt>` as the DFU backend.
Unlike the CIS and BIS modes for gateway and headsets, the DFU mode is advertising using the SMP server service.
For this reason, to enter the DFU mode, you must long press **BTN 4** during each device startup to have the nRF5340 Audio DK enter the DFU mode.

> To distinguish the device types, DFU mode advertising names will be based on these. The advertising names follow this pattern: NRF5340_AUDIO\_ **ROLE** _DFU.
> The first part of the names is based on ``CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME`` .
> 
> * Gateway: NRF5340_AUDIO_GW_DFU
> * Left Headset: NRF5340_AUDIO_HL_DFU
> * Right Headset: NRF5340_AUDIO_HR_DFU

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

To identify the devices before the DFU takes place, the DFU mode advertising names mention the device type directly.
The names follow the pattern in which the device *ROLE* is inserted before the ``_DFU`` suffix.
For example:

* Gateway: NRF5340_AUDIO_GW_DFU
* Left Headset: NRF5340_AUDIO_HL_DFU
* Right Headset: NRF5340_AUDIO_HR_DFU

The first part of these names is based on :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME`.
```
Not sure what is meant with "the first part of the names" in the original...

Author: The first part of the names is "NRF5340_AUDIO".

Unlike the CIS and BIS modes for gateway and headsets, the DFU mode is advertising using the SMP server service.
For this reason, to enter the DFU mode, you must long press **BTN 4** during each device startup to have the nRF5340 Audio DK enter the DFU mode.

To identify the devices before the DFU takes place, the DFU mode advertising names mention the device type directly.
The names follow the pattern in which the device *ROLE* is inserted before the ``_DFU`` suffix.
For example:

* Gateway: NRF5340_AUDIO_GW_DFU
* Left Headset: NRF5340_AUDIO_HL_DFU
* Right Headset: NRF5340_AUDIO_HR_DFU

> The first part of these names is based on :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first part of these names is based on :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME`.
```
